[Music]
is this thing on
I only have so much time they're coming
for me but I must reveal the truth to
you all I hope this video gets to you
safely if you're seeing this you'll
finally know the secrets we phone sales
reps would never tell you as soon as you
walk in the store the layout pushes you
to buy the walls are covered with models
for you to touch and try out the most
expensive ones at eye level of course
you'll also notice tables with tester
models in the center of the store this
encourages shoppers to move in a big
circle which is proven to make people
more comfortable and willing to spend
and then I come walking up with a big
friendly smile hey how can I help you
today what I really mean is what can I
sell you we actually earn more money
from selling accessories and packages
than from a phone itself we push those a
lot and we know you'll pay for the
convenience you buy a new phone man of
course you need a case screen protector
pop socket all the things that we just
so happened to sell right here in the
store even if I hook you up with an
unbeatable discount you'll save more
money by getting the same accessory
online don't buy a new phone right after
your service contract expires on the old
one just wait some time until I jump in
with special offers you see I don't want
to lose a client and giving you a
discount is much better than having you
go to one of my competitors we sales
reps have a set number of clients per
month we have to sell our product to
that's why we're more interested in
selling you a phone at the end of each
month than in the beginning we're ready
to give you a discount just please let
us meet our quota don't get me wrong
it's not like we're bad guys with some
bastard Prime
but being in this business makes us hide
things from customers my job in salary
depend on things like the number of
warranties I sell so don't be mad I'm
just doing my job don't be scared either
our fast-talking and confidence can put
you in a trance but you're the real one
in control know what you're after and if
the sales rep offers you something you
know you don't need and didn't even come
to the store for don't get it when you
see a low price for a nice phone don't
go for it immediately there's usually a
catch sure you can get that low price or
even a free phone but you have to add a
line sign up for our cable package - or
jump through and pay for other hoops to
get that deal if you want to end a
contract with your carrier say you're
moving to an area where their services
aren't provided even if you've already
signed a two-year agreement this trick
will help you get out of it without
paying an early termination fee we don't
check if you're telling the truth or not
people nowadays can't leave their phone
for just five minutes but don't ever
take it into the bathroom while you have
a hot shower the steam gets into your
phone condenses and corrodes the
internal components it might not do it
after one shower but your phone will
eventually break down from this just
like if you drop the thing in the tub
camera megapixels don't really matter
when choosing a phone pay more attention
to aperture the lower the number the
better features like dual lenses and
optical image stabilization everybody
asks about megapixels and we always have
a confident answer but if you start
probing about more important camera
features you might catch that phone
expert by surprise the processor isn't
that important anymore either if you're
not interested in playing games
exploring augmented reality on your
phone don't look for a powerful
processor nowadays any mid-range phone
has a processor suitable for common use
when you start acting doubtful about
something we're selling we'll try to
hook you in by offering a trial version
for a month or so but trial doesn't
necessarily mean free so be careful and
always ask the right questions and don't
agree to anything else trial or not
unless you really need it no matter how
cool and necessary we make it sound now
let's talk batteries pay attention to
both talktime and standby time the first
is how long the phone lasts as it's
being used and the second one stands for
passive usage both are important if you
want to make it through the day without
carrying a charger with you none of my
customers ever asked about this so now
you'll know to the more powerful your
phone is the more energy it needs are
you sure having to constantly recharge
your phone is worth it's fast
multifunction features it's usually not
so go for the longer-lasting simple ones
people like buying phones made by famous
brands that get away with selling them
for up to a thousand dollars and we sale
reps like getting that Commission but
there are phones that cost much less and
they're no worse than the big names they
have the same features as the expensive
ones but half your money won't go into a
marketing budget if you still want to
buy a famous brands phone be patient if
you can't buy this device today you'll
be able to in a year when the hype has
gone down when people start paying less
attention to one product its price will
inevitably fall the store still has to
get rid of these older models besides
that it's always good to wait because
time will show if you really need this
gadget or not when a product catches
your eye your brain reacts as if it's
something you just can't go without but
after a while when the chemicals in your
brain have calmed down you'll be able to
make a sensible decision when buying a
phone have a set number of
characteristics you need if you want to
call your friends and surf the web once
in a while what's the use of having an
outlandish lis priced smartphone
with a good graphics card to play video
games don't buy a phone with features
you don't need and you'll save a fortune
we always try to sell you some apps that
everyone uses it's a must-have or so our
spiel goes the truth is most of these
apps have a cheap or even free analogue
you can find yourself those suggested by
your carrier also aren't any better than
others if you go beyond your set amount
of minutes text messages or gigs call us
to change the plan it's better to pay a
set fee then give away your money for
every extra minute message or byte
you've surely seen TV commercials where
there's some super extra offer made just
for you
but it's only for a limited time so grab
it while it's good all you need to do is
text or call which is absolutely free
but you don't know that by doing that
you're subscribing to some expensive
service that even I can't get you out of
always look up other people's opinions
of the phone you're thinking about buy
you'll easily find the devices weak
spots without even using it and we
surely won't mention them when we're
selling it to you
reviews are where the whole truth is
revealed Oh are your footsteps I got a
run I hope all my advice helps good luck
out there with your phone shopping and
well wish me luck - hey if you learn
something new today then give the video
a like and share it with a friend
here are some other cool videos I think
you'll enjoy just click to the left or
right and remember stay on the bright
side of life